Documentation update: How To Guides overview (#367)
aragon/osx: packages/contracts/docs/osx/02-how-to-guides/02-plugin-development/03-non-upgradeable-plugin/03-setup.md

}
```

### 2. How to initialize the Plugin Setup contract

> Each `PluginSetup` contract is deployed only once and we will publish a separate `PluginSetup` contract for each version. Accordingly, we instantiate the `implementation` contract via Solidity's `new` keyword as deployment with the minimal proxy pattern would be more expensive in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `PluginSetup` contract is deployed only once and we will publish a separate `PluginSetup` instance for each version. Accordingly, we instantiate the `implementation` contract via Solidity's `new` keyword as deployment with the minimal proxy pattern would be more expensive in this case.
```

}
```

Finally, we construct and return an array with the permissions that we need for our plugin to work properly.

> - First, we request the `admin` address can use `ADMIN_EXECUTE_PERMISSION_ID` permission on the `plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First, we request  granting the `ADMIN_EXECUTE_PERMISSION_ID` to the `admin` address we received, which allows it to use the `plugin`.
```
